tests: lib: date_time: Tests for scheduled updates (#17477)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/date_time.rst

   If an application has time-dependent operations immediately after connecting to the LTE network, it should wait for a confirmation indicating that time has been updated.
   If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_AUTO_UPDATE` option is not set, the first date-time update cycle (after boot) does not occur until the time set by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_UPDATE_INTERVAL_SECONDS` option has elapsed.

.. note::

   Exceptions to the regular date-time update interval set by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATE_TIME_UPDATE_INTERVAL_SECONDS` Kconfig option occur when
   the :c:func:`date_time_update_async` function is called and a new date-time update is triggered and scheduled.
   Either retry or regular update interval is used depending on the outcome of the date-time update procedure.

>    Date-time update from modem through AT%XTIME notification will not disturb regular update interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Date-time update from modem through an ``AT%XTIME`` notification does not disturb the regular update interval.
```
